Airflow 2.10.0 has been released (#41528)
mistercrunch/Airflow: README.md

Apache Airflow is tested with:

|            | Main version (dev)         | Stable version (2.10.0)    |
|------------|----------------------------|----------------------------|
| Python     | 3.8, 3.9, 3.10, 3.11, 3.12 | 3.8, 3.9, 3.10, 3.11, 3.12 |
| Platform   | AMD64/ARM64(\*)            | AMD64/ARM64(\*)            |
| Kubernetes | 1.28, 1.29, 1.30, 1.31     | 1.27, 1.28, 1.29, 1.30     |
| PostgreSQL | 12, 13, 14, 15, 16         | 12, 13, 14, 15, 16         |

> | MySQL      | 8.0, 8.4, Innovation       | 8.0, Innovation            |

Reviewer: We don't support 8.4 in Airflow 2.10?

Author: We do, let me update it. Thanks

Apache Airflow is tested with:

|            | Main version (dev)         | Stable version (2.10.0)    |
|------------|----------------------------|----------------------------|
| Python     | 3.8, 3.9, 3.10, 3.11, 3.12 | 3.8, 3.9, 3.10, 3.11, 3.12 |

> | Platform   | AMD64/ARM64(\*)            | AMD64/ARM64(\*)            |

Reviewer 2: 2.10.0 kubernetes support is `1.27, 1.28, 1.29, 1.30`

Author: Thanks, I have changed it, PTAL.

is used in the [Community managed DockerHub image](https://hub.docker.com/p/apache/airflow) is
`Debian Bookworm`. We also have support for legacy ``Debian Bullseye`` base image if you want to build a
custom image but it is deprecated and option to do it will be removed in the Dockerfile that

> will accompany Airflow 2.10.0 so you are advised to switch to ``Debian Bookworm`` for your custom images.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
will accompany Airflow 2.9.3 so you are advised to switch to ``Debian Bookworm`` for your custom images.
```

Reviewer 4: I think we ave not technically removed support for Bookworm for 2.10 - but we indeed could.

Reviewer 3: Ok. Should we change this to 3.0.0?

Reviewer 4: I already implemented it and backported that removal to 2.10 - once we release it in. 2.10.1 it will become official in the image docs that bullseye is dropped in 2.10. 

It was really all about dockerfile supporting this https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/41568#pullrequestreview-2244394827 so we should be fine in clarifying it's not there any more
